---
layout: post
title:  "One week in Colombia"
image: /assets/images/image.png
---

This first week in this incredible country has offered me too much in stimulating conversation and earthly beauty.

Starting with the tiring flight from Seattle, WA to Fort Lauterdale, FL and onto Medellin, Colombia I was extremely tired. I arrived around noon and immediately found the nearest Uber to whisk me away to my AirBnb. When I got into the Uber I was asked to sign and date an official looking document, as well as provide my passport number. "Uber esta prohibido en Colombia" were the words he continued to repeat until my signature was finely dated on his paper. I later found the reason for this was that Uber drivers do not pay taxes in Colombia so it is in fact illegal.

As we joined, or rather careened into traffic the striking number of maneuvers that would be qualified as suicide attempts on a road in the United States were impressive. Every turn was met with the mystery of whether or not a motorcyclists may be found riding in the opposing lane coming directly at you. And when the traffic was at a halt, like salmon spawning would rush forward finding any crevice or nook to traverse to the front. 

After a half hour of more or less the most agressive driving I had ever witnessed we pulled up alongside a neat garage part of a larger housing complex, there were two smaller hatchbacks, the kind of tiny hatchbacks I had become accustomed with seeing on the streets. Within seconds an elderly lady came out to the car "holaaa, como estas", drawing out her words in a fashion that made them easy to understand, but not easy enough for my college spanish to prove any worth.

She ushered me into the house and another came from the garage to meet me. They introduced themselves as Lucia and Marina, sisters in law. With excited language they began asking "tienes hambre" or other variations of are you hungry, what can we get for you. They were both very high energy, . After several minutes of them excitedly talking to me, they moved up the stairs and showed me my room. Spacious with old fashioned paintings of the city, a desk and singular lamp over the bed. As with the rest of their house, everything was laid out in an ornate fashion, each thing designated to a particular place. 




